>> Kyle Simpson: So to understand that
thing that I would like there to be in
the middle, the all or nothing sort
of conundrum that we're facing,
I wanna dig into those pros and
cons a little bit more specifically.
These are just my takes on the pros and
cons, this is not some objective list.
Number one, I think one of the big pros
about systems like TypeScript and Flow,
I said this earlier, they make the types
much more obvious in your code.
And that's a big improvement.
A big improvement over writing code
that's essentially completely uncertain,
unascertainable what's gonna happen
with this particular operation.
Making those types
obvious is a good thing.
It's also a very strong positive
that the design of TypeScript and
Flow, to put a pun here,
goes with the flow,
if you will, of the way static typing
works in a lot of other languages.
The syntaxes are very similar.
And so
there's a strong sense of familiarity.
When you show up to something like that,
you're not in this entirely different
world than you've ever
done with types before.
It feels very much like the types
that you have from a more
typically typed language,
like a Java or C++.
So the familiarity is a strong pro, and
I'm sure that was part of their design.
They are extremely popular.
It's undeniable the popularity,
especially of TypeScript.
It seems like everyday we get an
announcement of some new major open source
project that's completely
converting over to TypeScript.
And just like the hype curves that build
up in the community behind something
like a React or a Vue, they've built up
in such a strong way, with a big backing,
TypeScript being from Microsoft,
Flow being from Facebook.
They've built up in such a big
way with the community and
the corporate support behind it,
that the investment to learn and
get into one of those is gonna be an
investment that pays off for a long time.
It's not some fad that's
gonna go away next week.
So the popularity is a strong suit.
There's a big community behind it,
a ton of documentation,
a ton of momentum behind these projects,
and it certainly does make sense.
In fact, I would absolutely say,
whether I liked TypeScript or not,
it would be silly to me for
you to be working in a system,
say you worked in a Microsoft .NET shop
and you wrote C# all day on the backend,
and then you needed to do some JavaScript.
I can't imagine a scenario where
you wouldn't use TypeScript.
Cuz the mental context switching of,
I've been in types world and
now I'm in non-types world,
would be nuts to me.
So there's lots of scenarios
where it makes completes sense.
And the popularity of that,
that's the reason why it's growing.
And they're very sophisticated, and that
makes them really good at what they do.
I'm actually kind of amazed at how
much something like TypeScript or
Flow can infer from code that I even
intentionally try to obfuscate, and
they're still able to
figure those things out.
These tools are fantastic at that.
So these are all strong pros, but I also
have some strong negatives against them.